# title: Medium Words
gallivant: to wander or travel from place to place, especially for pleasure (17th century).
selenite: a type of crystal formed from the evaporation of salt water (15th century).
thixotropy: the property of a fluid that becomes less viscous when agitated and more viscous when left still (17th century).
cacophonous: having a harsh, discordant sound (16th century).
chiaroscurist: an artist who specializes in the use of chiaroscuro, an artistic technique that uses strong contrasts of light and dark (17th century).
velleity: a mild or slight desire (15th century).
abstruse: difficult to understand; obscure (15th century).
garrulous: talkative or loquacious (15th century).
heliotropism: the phenomenon of plants turning their leaves towards the sun (17th century).
sesquipedalian: given to using long words (17th century).
lethologica: the inability to remember the word you want to use (19th century).
cymotrichous: having wavy hair (17th century).
tintinnabulation: a ringing or tinkling sound, especially of a bell (17th century).
wamble: to walk or move unsteadily (16th century).
galimatias: a confusing or unclear situation (17th century).
syllabub: a dessert made from milk, sugar, and wine (16th century).
thelytoky: a type of parthenogenesis in which only females are produced (19th century).
velleitarian: a person who has mild or slight desires (17th century).
abulia: a lack of will or motivation (19th century).
goblon: a metalworker's assistant (17th century).
infundibuliform: shaped like a funnel (18th century).
jargogle: to confuse or perplex someone (17th century).
kibitzer: a person who offers unwanted or unsolicited advice (19th century).
mumpsimus: a stubborn person who insists on doing something their own way (16th century).
nuncheon: a small snack eaten between meals (17th century).
oculus: the eye or a part of the eye (15th century).
pogonology: the study of beards and their care (19th century).
quincunx: an arrangement of five objects, with four of them arranged in a square and the fifth object in the center (17th century).
recreant: a person who is cowardly or disloyal (15th century).
selenography: the study of the moon's surface (17th century).